Add New EA PR Template (#2081)
smartcontractkit/external-adapters-js: CONTRIBUTING.md

_If on a Mac, this requires `gnu-sed` to be installed and set as the default for the command `sed`._

> You can open a PR with the [New EA PR Template](./.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE/new_ea_pr_template.md) by replacing `<branch>` in this URL: [https://github.com/smartcontractkit/external-adapters-js/compare/develop...<branch>?quick_pull=1&template=new_ea_pr_template.md](https://github.com/smartcontractkit/external-adapters-js/compare/develop...<branch>?quick_pull=1&template=new_ea_pr_template.md)

Author: ```suggestion
You can open a PR with the [New EA PR Template](./.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE/new_ea_pr_template.md) by replacing `<branch>` in this URL: [https://github.com/smartcontractkit/external-adapters-js/compare/develop...<branch>?quick_pull=1&template=new_ea_pr_template.md](https://github.com/smartcontractkit/external-adapters-js/compare/develop...<branch>?quick_pull=1&template=new_ea_pr_template.md)

```

_If on a Mac, this requires `gnu-sed` to be installed and set as the default for the command `sed`._

> Follow the checklist outlined in [New EA PR Template](./.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE/new_ea_pr_template.md) for the remaining development steps.

Reviewer: How about including an image of how to select the PR template?

Author: Apparently there isn't a UI to select the PR template like there is for issues, but I can add a line about using URL params like this: `https://github.com/smartcontractkit/external-adapters-js/compare/develop...<branch>?quick_pull=1`

> Follow the checklist outlined in [New EA PR Template](./.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE/new_ea_pr_template.md) for the remaining development steps.
> 

Author: ```suggestion
You can open a PR with the [New EA PR Template](./.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE/new_ea_pr_template.md) by replacing `<branch>` in this URL: [https://github.com/smartcontractkit/external-adapters-js/compare/develop...<branch>?quick_pull=1&template=new_ea_pr_template.md](https://github.com/smartcontractkit/external-adapters-js/compare/develop...<branch>?quick_pull=1&template=new_ea_pr_template.md)
```
